Update `Java: ArrayList` Concept With `.set()` Method Entry (#1502)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/array-list/terms/set/set.md

---
Title: '.set()'
Description: 'Replaces the element present in a specified position in an ArrayList.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Data Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `.set()` method is used for replacing element present in a specified position, with another element in instances of the `ArrayList` class. After execution, returns the replaced element's value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.set()`** method is used for replacing the element present in a specified position with another element in instances of the `ArrayList` class. After execution, returns the replaced element's value.
```

> The **`.set()`** method is used for replacing the element present in a specified position with another element in instances of the `ArrayList` class. After execution, returns the replaced element's value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.set()`** method replaces an element at a specified position with another element in an `ArrayList` instance. After execution, the replaced element is returned.
```

## Syntax

> An element can be replaced in an `ArrayList` instance with another element, by passing new value to the `.set()` method on specified index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An element can be replaced in an `ArrayList` instance with another element, by passing new value to the `.set()` method with a specified index:
```

Author: @SSwiniarski Hello, I have added all the suggestions

> An element can be replaced in an `ArrayList` instance with another element, by passing new value to the `.set()` method with a specified index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An element can be replaced in an `ArrayList` instance with another element by passing new value to the `.set()` method with a specified index:
```

Author: @SSwiniarski  Updated...

> 
> An element can be replaced in an `ArrayList` instance with another element by passing new value to the `.set()` method with a specified index:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

```pseudo

> arrayListInstance.set(index, element);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
arrayListInstance.set(index, newElement);
```

```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

An element at a specified `index` can be replaced in an `arrayListInstance` with the `newElement`.

> **Note:** The `newElement` must be of the same [data type](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java/data-types) as the rest of the elements in `arrayListInstance`. Otherwise, an error will occur.

```
